<a name="abstract">
### Abstract
Technological breakthroughs in the last decade have significantly altered the way we experience our everyday lives, from smartphones, smart TV's, and even IoT products like thermostats. One aspect of our lives, though, has not seen any improvements coming from technology for many decades-- toast. The goal of this project is to thrust the breakfast experience into the 21st century. We will create a device that allows you to wake up to a perfect piece of personalized toast. Laser etching will be used to burn images, a daily agenda, an inspirational quote, or the day’s headlines right onto a piece of bread. The device can be used immediately on command, or can be scheduled to have your perfect toast ready for you, right when you wake up. The image to be printed could be a selfie (or other inferior photo) that you upload or content from the Internet, allowing for an entirely customizeable breakfast.

The device will be comprised of a laser, an enclosure with controls, and a Raspberry Pi retrofitted onto an old 3D printer. Stepper motors will control the position of the laser along the toast, and the power of the laser will be modulated at each point to create different toasting patterns. Software will be developed to combine photos, Web-scraped text, and more into a grayscale image to be burned on the toast, and it will then generate G-code for printing. This project will aim to recreate the toaster experience using an Arduino to control the knobs, dings, and doors that we’ve all grown to love. 
